EXTRA_CFLAGS=-DCLEAR$(CLEAR)
OBJ = \
    alloc.o\
    alloc_cell.o\
    ascii_chk.o\
    ask.o\
    ask_cell.o\
    ask_vctrs.o\
    auto_mask.o\
    cats.o\
    color_asp.o\
    color_wave.o\
    color_grey.o\
    color_hist.o\
    color_rain.o\
    color_ramp.o\
    color_rand.o\
    color_ryg.o\
    colors.o\
    cell_stats.o\
    cell_title.o\
    closecell.o\
    copy.o\
    clear_scrn.o\
    date.o\
    def_window.o\
    edit_cats.o\
    edit_cellhd.o\
    edit_hist.o\
    env.o\
    error.o\
    file_name.o\
    find_cell.o\
    find_vect.o\
    find_file.o\
    fork.o\
    format.o\
    get_cellhd.o\
    get_row.o\
    get_window.o\
    getl.o\
    gets.o\
    gisbase.o\
    gisdbase.o\
    gishelp.o\
    gisinit.o\
    histo_eq.o\
    histogram.o\
    history.o\
    home.o\
    index.o\
    intr_char.o\
    legal_name.o\
    list.o\
    location.o\
    make_colr.o\
    mapcase.o\
    mapset.o\
    mapset_msc.o\
    mapset_nme.o\
    mask_info.o\
    maskfd.o\
    named_colr.o\
    myname.o\
    nme_in_mps.o\
    open.o\
    opencell.o\
    openvect.o\
    parse.o\
    percent.o\
    popen.o\
    progrm_nme.o\
    put_cellhd.o\
    put_row.o\
    put_title.o\
    put_window.o\
    putenv.o\
    range.o\
    reclass.o\
    remove.o\
    rename.o\
    rm_colr.o\
    set_window.o\
    sites.o\
    squeeze.o\
    store.o\
    strip.o\
    strings.o\
    system.o\
    tempfile.o\
    token.o\
    unctrl.o\
    whoami.o\
    wind_2_box.o\
    window_map.o\
    writ_zeros.o\
    yes.o\
    zero.o\
    zero_cell.o\
    zone.o

all: $(LIBDIR)/gis.h $(LIBDIR)/gisdefs.h $(LIBDIR)/windround.h $(GISLIB)

$(LIBDIR)/gis.h: gis.h
	rm -f $@
	cp $? $@
	chmod 0644 $@

$(LIBDIR)/gisdefs.h: gisdefs.h
	rm -f $@
	cp $? $@
	chmod 0644 $@

$(LIBDIR)/windround.h: windround.h
	rm -f $@
	cp $? $@
	chmod 0644 $@

$(GISLIB): $(OBJ)
	$(AR)



alloc_cell.o: gis.h
alloc_cell.o: gisdefs.h
ask.o: gis.h
ask.o: gisdefs.h
auto_mask.o: G.h
auto_mask.o: gis.h
auto_mask.o: gisdefs.h
cats.o: gis.h
cats.o: gisdefs.h
cell_stats.o: gis.h
cell_stats.o: gisdefs.h
cell_title.o: gis.h
cell_title.o: gisdefs.h
closecell.o: G.h
closecell.o: gis.h
closecell.o: gisdefs.h
color_asp.o: gis.h
color_asp.o: gisdefs.h
color_grey.o: gis.h
color_grey.o: gisdefs.h
color_hist.o: gis.h
color_hist.o: gisdefs.h
color_rain.o: gis.h
color_rain.o: gisdefs.h
color_ramp.o: gis.h
color_ramp.o: gisdefs.h
color_rand.o: gis.h
color_rand.o: gisdefs.h
color_wave.o: gis.h
color_wave.o: gisdefs.h
colors.o: gis.h
colors.o: gisdefs.h
def_window.o: gis.h
def_window.o: gisdefs.h
edit_cats.o: gis.h
edit_cats.o: gisdefs.h
edit_cellhd.o: gis.h
edit_cellhd.o: gisdefs.h
edit_cellhd.o: windround.h
edit_hist.o: gis.h
edit_hist.o: gisdefs.h
env.o: gis.h
env.o: gisdefs.h
error.o: gis.h
error.o: gisdefs.h
file_name.o: gis.h
file_name.o: gisdefs.h
find_cell.o: gis.h
find_cell.o: gisdefs.h
find_file.o: gis.h
find_file.o: gisdefs.h
find_vect.o: gis.h
find_vect.o: gisdefs.h
format.o: G.h
format.o: gis.h
format.o: gisdefs.h
get_cellhd.o: gis.h
get_cellhd.o: gisdefs.h
get_cellhd.o: windround.h
get_row.o: G.h
get_row.o: gis.h
get_row.o: gisdefs.h
get_window.o: G.h
get_window.o: gis.h
get_window.o: gisdefs.h
get_window.o: windround.h
gisbase.o: gis.h
gisbase.o: gisdefs.h
gisdbase.o: gis.h
gisdbase.o: gisdefs.h
gisinit.o: G.h
gisinit.o: gis.h
gisinit.o: gisdefs.h
gisinit.o: version.h
histo_eq.o: gis.h
histo_eq.o: gisdefs.h
histogram.o: gis.h
histogram.o: gisdefs.h
history.o: gis.h
history.o: gisdefs.h
home.o: gis.h
home.o: gisdefs.h
index.o: gis.h
index.o: gisdefs.h
list.o: gis.h
list.o: gisdefs.h
location.o: gis.h
location.o: gisdefs.h
make_colr.o: gis.h
make_colr.o: gisdefs.h
mapset.o: gis.h
mapset.o: gisdefs.h
mapset_nme.o: gis.h
mapset_nme.o: gisdefs.h
mask_info.o: gis.h
mask_info.o: gisdefs.h
maskfd.o: G.h
maskfd.o: gis.h
maskfd.o: gisdefs.h
myname.o: gis.h
myname.o: gisdefs.h
open.o: gis.h
open.o: gisdefs.h
opencell.o: G.h
opencell.o: gis.h
opencell.o: gisdefs.h
openvect.o: G.h
openvect.o: gis.h
openvect.o: gisdefs.h
parse.o: gis.h
parse.o: gisdefs.h
put_cellhd.o: gis.h
put_cellhd.o: gisdefs.h
put_row.o: G.h
put_row.o: gis.h
put_row.o: gisdefs.h
put_title.o: gis.h
put_title.o: gisdefs.h
put_window.o: gis.h
put_window.o: gisdefs.h
range.o: gis.h
range.o: gisdefs.h
reclass.o: gis.h
reclass.o: gisdefs.h
remove.o: gis.h
remove.o: gisdefs.h
rename.o: gis.h
rename.o: gisdefs.h
rm_colr.o: gis.h
rm_colr.o: gisdefs.h
set_window.o: G.h
set_window.o: gis.h
set_window.o: gisdefs.h
set_window.o: windround.h
sites.o: gis.h
sites.o: gisdefs.h
tempfile.o: gis.h
tempfile.o: gisdefs.h
token.o: gis.h
token.o: gisdefs.h
whoami.o: gis.h
whoami.o: gisdefs.h
wind_2_box.o: gis.h
wind_2_box.o: gisdefs.h
window_map.o: G.h
window_map.o: gis.h
window_map.o: gisdefs.h
zero_cell.o: gis.h
zero_cell.o: gisdefs.h
zone.o: gis.h
zone.o: gisdefs.h

version.h: ...
	echo 'static char *VERSION_STRING = "@(#) GRASS $(VERSION_NUMBER) ($(VERSION_DATE))";' > $@
...: #
