cat1
d.3d             g.findfile       m.rot90          r.rescale
d.ask            g.gisenv         m.u2ll           r.slope.aspect
d.colormode      g.help           p.chart          r.stats
d.colors         g.list           p.colors         r.support
d.colortable     g.manual         p.icons          r.surf.idw
d.display        g.mapsets        p.labels         r.surf.idw2
d.erase          g.region         p.map            r.traj.data
d.font           g.remove         p.ppm            r.transect
d.frame          g.rename         p.select         r.volume
d.geodesic       g.setproj        parser           r.water.outlet
d.graph          g.tempfile       r.average        r.watershed
d.grid           g.version        r.basins.fill    r.watershed4.0
d.his            i.cca            r.binfer         r.weight
d.histogram      i.class          r.buffer         r.what
d.icons          i.colors         r.cats           s.in.ascii
d.label          i.composite      r.clump          s.menu
d.legend         i.fft            r.coin           s.out.ascii
d.mapgraph       i.grey.scale     r.colors         s.surf.idw
d.measure        i.group          r.combine        v.area
d.menu           i.his.rgb        r.compress       v.cadlabel
d.mon            i.ifft           r.covar          v.clean
d.paint.labels   i.maxlik         r.cross          v.digit
d.points         i.pca            r.describe       v.digit2
d.profile        i.points         r.drain          v.import
d.rast           i.rectify        r.grow           v.in.ascii
d.rgb            i.rgb.his        r.in.ascii       v.in.dlg
d.rhumbline      i.tape.mss       r.in.ll          v.in.dlg2
d.save           i.tape.mss.h     r.infer          v.in.dxf
d.scale          i.tape.other     r.info           v.mkgrid
d.sites          i.tape.tm        r.los            v.mkquads
d.text           i.target         r.mapcalc        v.out.ascii
d.title          i.zc             r.mask           v.out.dlg
d.vect           m.datum.shift    r.mfilter        v.out.dxf
d.what.rast      m.dem.examine    r.neighbors      v.patch
d.what.vect      m.dmaUSGSread    r.out.ascii      v.prune
d.where          m.dted.examine   r.patch          v.spag
d.zoom           m.dted.extract   r.poly           v.stats
exit             m.examine.tape   r.profile        v.support
g.access         m.gc2ll          r.random         v.to.rast
g.ask            m.ll2gc          r.reclass        v.to.sites.b
g.copy           m.ll2u           r.report         v.transform
g.filename       m.region.ll      r.resample       v.trim

cat2
d.labels         i.vpoints        photo.rectify    r.weight2
d.rast.arrow     m.dem.extract    ps.icon          s.surf.tps
d.rast.edit      m.flip           ps.map           v.alabel
d.rast.num       m.in.pl94.db3    ps.select        v.apply.census
d.rast.zoom      m.in.stf1.db3    r.contour        v.cutter
i.cluster        m.in.stf1.tape   r.cost           v.in.arc
i.gensig         m.lulc.USGS      r.digit          v.in.tig.basic
i.gensigset      m.lulc.read      r.in.poly        v.in.tig.lndmk
i.in.erdas       m.proj           r.in.sunrast     v.in.tig.rim
i.ortho.photo    m.tiger.region   r.line           v.in.transects
i.quantize       p.map.new        r.mask.points    v.out.arc
i.rectify2       photo.2image     r.median         v.out.moss
i.smap           photo.2target    r.mode           v.proj
i.tape.spot      photo.camera     r.surf.contour   v.reclass
i.tape.tm.fast   photo.init       r.thin           v.to.sites

cat3
3d.view.sh      grass.logo.sh   shade.rel.sh    split.sh
blend.sh        hsv.rgb.sh      show.color.sh   start.man.sh
bug.report.sh   old.cmd.sh      show.fonts.sh   tig.rim.sh
dcorrelate.sh   rgb.hsv.sh      slide.show.sh   tiger.info.sh

cat4
DOS.delete       d.to.sites       r.traj           v.merge
DOS.list         m.bsplit         s.db.rim         v.out.dlg.scs
DOS.save         m.eigensystem    s.db.rim.old     v.out.scsgef
DOS.show         m.geo            s.to.vect        v.proj.old
ISMann2dig       m.get.fips       v.db.rim         v.psu
ISMcell2grd      m.get.stp        v.db.rim.old     v.psu.subj
ISMcell2scat     m.qcalc          v.export         v.random
ISMcont2dig      m.setproj        v.extract        v.reclass
ISMdig2ann       m.stp.proj       v.import         v.reclass.inf
ISMgrd2cell      r.answers        v.in.dlg.scs     v.report
d.6386.delete    r.in.erdas       v.in.poly        v.rmedge
d.6386.save      r.in.miads       v.in.scsgef      v.scale.random
d.6386.show      r.reclass.scs    v.in.tiger.scs
d.igraph         r.rescale.inf    v.make.subj

cat5
imagery        paint          sites.format   sites.report
monitorcap     sites.S        sites.occur

man.alpha
r.bilinear.man R     r.out.mpeg.catman T  r.sun.man       routppm.man
r.cn.man R           r.ros                rfea.man        rstage3.man
r.flow.man.2 R       r.spread             rinhdf.man*     xganim.catman
r.in.hdf.man* T      r.spreadpath         rle.wp

man.contrib
Darea.manual           f.reach                s.sweep.man
d.vect.cats.man*       f.wsurf                s.to.rast.mancontrib
dlinegraph.man         f.xsection             s.voronoi.man
f.acap                 itexture.man           sg3d.man
f.detail               m.eigensystem.man      smedp.man
f.econ                 m.regression.man       v.autocorr.man
f.input                s.delaunay.man         vinpolyman.contrib

