## Grass -> Postgres interface v0.01a ##
## written by Richard Nairn  July /97 ##
##        nairnr@cadvision.com        ##

------------------------------------------------
Update 8/98: 
      - Source code reorganized, 
      - small Gmakefile bugfixes
      - SQL.select/readfile.c extended

             Markus Neteler
             neteler@geog.uni-hannover.de
------------------------------------------------
7/97
These modules are my first attempt at writing grass software, and
programming in C in general.  So, if there are bugs let me know...

There are a few programs that I have developed.  They most likely will
need to be customized by you for your use.  I have made a few
assumptions about some of the variables and fields that most likely
won't be the same as what you envision.  That said, here is a brief
description of the programs.

SQL.select: This program is needed by the others, and I will use it to
incorporate new programs. It creates a file .pg-grc in the users home
directory which will have the following information : database name,
table name (for queries), postgres port number, and postgres hosts.
It is not a very visually appealing program but it works.  Besides
that it was my first attempt at a few things...  As far as I remember,
the other programs honour the settings.  I don't believe anything was
left hard coded.

SQL.where:  This program uses the values set with SQL.select, it is
used to click on a map and query the database and return the
attributes, it tries to print it a little bit nicer.  It will find
nearby sites, then figure the closest site to the point.  I am
strictly using UTM maps, so I don't know if the program will work any
other way because of the way I set up the query.  It should work with
any table, The only assumption that I have made is that Easting and
northing are the two first fields.

SQL.site: Based on an SQL query, it will create a new site file and/or
raster file.  It will also create a new table in Postgres for further
querying. Yeh! I figured out grass options and flags :-) The query is
only the condition, as I included the "select * from table_name where"
bit.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

I am using Postgres SQL v6.1, I am not sure about backwards 
compatibility but I believe all the commands are the same.  I have a
Gmakefile for two of the programs, and a straight Makefile.  Edit to
make sure that the include files are coming from the right
directories.  You will have to install them yourself.  

Aside from that -- It is still a work in progress, I had a few
requests to post what I had to see how it worked.  If you do use these
modules please email me at nairnr@cadvision.com and tell me how they
are working, and what modifications you have made.  I will return the
favour with anything else I have come up with :-)